feat: [IDP-3735]: Added the release notes for v0.33.0 (#8024)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/internal-developer-portal.md

:::

## September 2024

### Version 0.33.0

<!-- September 17, 2024 -->

#### New features and enhancements

> - Harness IDP now has Backstage upgraded to the latest version. [IDP-2870]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have upgraded our Backstage core version to v1.28. [IDP-2870]
```

> - New version of [catalog ingestion APIs](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/catalog/catalog-ingestion/catalog-ingestion-api) released with issue fixed from the previous versions. [IDP-3565]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Catalog Ingestion APIs](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/catalog/catalog-ingestion/catalog-ingestion-api) received a huge update with lots of new endpoints and use-cases supported. [IDP-3565]
```

> - Added support for [mkdocstrings](https://mkdocstrings.github.io/) plugin in TechDocs. [IDP-3570]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add [mkdocstrings](https://mkdocstrings.github.io/) plugin in TechDocs to generate docs from comments in code blocks. [IDP-3570]
```
